docs(config): add clarification for gitAuthor format to avoid obscure errors during commits. (#23543)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## gitAuthor

You can customize the Git author that's used whenever Renovate creates a commit.
The `gitAuthor` option accepts a [RFC5322](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5322)-compliant string.

> Specifically, make sure to include a name followed by an email address, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to include a name followed by an email address, e.g.
```
